in this section we're going to go over
on how not to disconnect a DC jack
while you are operating system or
your port is still on.
So make sure that when you want
to power down the board or
whatever that you don't just simply unplug
it because, as Robert mentioned earlier.
Doing so
can maybe cause an important operation
that's going on to just be stopped and
basically, in the middle of it's
operation of something very important.
>> Yeah.
So essentially,
you have things going on on the board.
It's constantly writing on
to the IC chips on board.
And obviously it requires power for
these operations to happen.
If you just abruptly
stop that from happening.
Something might have been written in
a place that need to be completed and
you just end up corrupted file.
Your operating system will
no longer boot up, and
next thing you know you have a soft brick
board which of course can be fixed, right?
>> Yeah, using the methods that we
did previously in section 2, or
lesson 2 rather.
That usually helps solve those issues.
Now if it's just the operating system
that's having issues or whatever,
usually just reflashing it will do so.
Later on we'll go over when to really use
a rescue image and where it really shines.